♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure, One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
There, they join forces with
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
Luffy soon encounters Caesar
Clown, the Master of the island,
but is bested by his
mysterious power.
[laughs] Now, we mustn't waste
any time, my strong soldiers!
Hurry and tie these five pirate
scoundrels up at once!
Use Sea Prism Stone Shackles
on the power holders.
When did you get here... Vergo?
[VERGO]
Hm. Actually, I just arrived.
I was spending some
time in Dressrosa.
I hitched a ride on an
SAD tanker leaving port.
And now...
[LUFFY]
"Shocking!
The True Identity of the
Mystery Man Vergo!"
--[thudding]
--[LAW groans]
[MONET chuckles]
You don't hold back.
It's punishment.
I can't hold back.
Vergo. The Marines of the G-5
are on this island right now.
Seeing as how you're their
backstabbing base commander,
you probably don't
want to run into them.
Just thought I'd warn you.
[LAW grunts]
How considerate. But frankly,
I don't need your advice.
And listen. Because I'm not
going to remind you again.
[LAW yells]
You're to call me Mr. Vergo.
Wow, scary.
[MARINES chattering, laughing]
Hey. Those Marines look like
they're from the G -5.
Getting drunk and partying
in the middle of the day?
I wish they wouldn't
stir up a ruckus like that!
[MARINES]
Huh?
Oh yeah? Are we botherin' you?
I'm sorry, pal, but we've
been workin' our butts off
to keep this here island safe!
Or would you rather we just
leave you chumps alone
to deal with all these
bloodthirsty pirates
and their hundred-million-
berry bounties?
Huh?
Yeah, this ain't an
easy job, you know!
We deserve a break, right?
That's not what I--
Good! Actually, it's
too good, heh!
Shopkeep! Give me a thousand
more of these, would ya?
We clearly don't
have that many!
[YARISUGI]
What? That's ridiculous!
Come on! You should
have too many!
[SYND'S FATHER]
Excuse me!
[YARISUGI]
Huh?
I'm sorry, but we need you
to help find our kids!
Your kids? What do
you mean "kids"?
[SYND'S FATHER]
You forgot? Our children.
They all went missing
three years ago
and not one of us has ever
heard from them again!
[DOLAN'S FATHER]
Please keep looking!
[MOCHA'S MOTHER] How could
they have been lost at sea?
They were out playing
in the neighborhood
when they disappeared!
It just doesn't make sense!
I beg you, please look
for them again!
Just one more time!
[grunts]
Is Captain Tashigi
here with you?
Can we at least go talk to her?
Oh, yeah!
People say she really cares
a lot about our problems!
Please, sir!
[MAN A]
Where's Captain Tashigi?
[WOMAN B] We need her help!
We're desperate!
--[YARISUGI growls]
--[CROWD chatters]
No!
[CROWD gasps]
[SYND'S FATHER gasps]
[YARISUGI]
This is too insulting!
We're no less a part of the G-5
than Captain Tashigi, you know!
Not only do you doubt
the Navy's report,
but then you have the gall
to try and tell us how we're
s'posed to do our jobs
when we've been sent
here to protect you?
I think you
protest too much!
No. It's not like that!
Shut up! Too little, too late!
You might as well accept it.
Your kids are dead!
They were lost at sea.
It's over!
[CROWD gasps]
--[SYND'S FATHER grunts]
--[CROWD gasps]
Ha! Take that!
[MARINES laugh]
Several times,
too many to count,
I discussed it with Vergo,
the G-5's Vice Admiral,
and each investigation
came to nothing!
But, sir--
Now just stay out of my way, or
I'll kill every last one of you
and burn this whole
city to the ground!
Is that clear enough for ya?
[CROWD gasps]
[MARINE D laughs]
Too clear, Commodore Yarisugi!
Tsk! You want to talk
to Tashigi, eh?
Don't get too excited!
It'd sure be nice if I could
talk to her anytime. Too nice!
[YARISUGI, MARINES laugh]
[MARINE D]
There he goes again!
But, unfortunately,
Tashigi is the right-hand of
Admiral Smoker in Unit 1.
It's sad. Too sad!
She can't help fools
like you with a case
from three years ago!
She's a very busy lady.
Too busy!
[MARINES]
[YARISUGI]
Now piss off!
[MARINE E laughs]
Too harsh!
He's a jerk. There's no way
he'll ever listen!
Do you think he was telling us
the truth when he said that he
already tried to get help from
Vice Admiral Vergo, though?
I don't know about all that,
but Vergo did save this
place from pirates before.
He seemed like
such a gentleman.
I never would have guessed
that he was part of the G-5!
[MAN E] So Vergo thinks they
were killed at sea, too.
[WOMAN A sobs]
They're still alive!
[PARENTS sob]
[WOMAN A] Our children are
out there. I can feel it!
[WOMAN A] But where in
the world could they be?
[CHILDREN yelling]
I feel like I'm gonna die!
Hey, Usopp! Quick!
Make them sleep!
Well, I can, but it's only
gonna work so many times!
Grown-ups. Help us!
Please let us go!
Uh-oh. I guess the
withdrawals from the drugs
they've been taking are
causing them a lot of pain!
So how do we help them?
[BOY A grunts]
[USOPP]
We gotta do something, Sanji!
Uh, Sanji?
I'm Nami!
Right, I forgot!
Aw, too bad. Sanji's face
looks so dependable.
I'm so sorry!
[GIRL C groans]
We need our candy.
Yeah, can we have some?
I need candy!
[BOY D]
My head hurts!
[GIRL A whines]
Give it here!
We won't feel better
without candy.
[CHILDREN]
Candy!
[USOPP, NAMI (SANJI) gasp]
Candy, candy, candy!
[BOY F]
We asked you really nicely,
so why won't you give it to us?
Gimme! Right now!
Nami!
Um, are you sure
we can't hit 'em?
They're getting violent!
Don't you dare! Come on,
they're just kids!
[BOYS yell]
[USOPP gasps]
Yeah, but we can't keep dodging
their attacks like this forever!
[gasps]
[yelling continues]
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
[laughs]
[BOTH gasp]
[CHILDREN]
Master's here!
You poor children.
You're not hurt, are you?
Let's go back to the laboratory.
It's not safe here.
[CHILDREN]
The candy!
[CHILDREN] Master! Master!
Master! Master! Master...!
[gasps]
Master?
[CAESAR CLOWN laighs]
[growls]
Oh dear, now it's angry!
I wonder what changed?
I'm gonna venture a guess here
and say it's because somebody
decided to blow up all the
little baby slimeballs.
So that one is the parent?
Either way, there was no choice.
Hey look. I think...
it's transforming!
My word! What a hideous beast!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
It's a frog now?
[ZORO]
I think it's a lizard.
[KIN'EMON, BROOK gasp]
[SMILEY growls]
[gasps]
Run!
[BROOK screams]
[ALL shout]
[ALL]
Huh?
[ALL screaming]
Is it able to produce
unlimited copies of itself?
Actually, I don't think
it's unlimited.
The one on that
side is shrinking!
If that's the case, then the
other one should run out
of mass soon,
but what's the point?
[gasps] Wait, maybe it's trying
to fling itself over here
in pieces!
We can't have it running
wild on this side!
People are gonna get hurt!
Yeah, it spews gas
when you cut it,
and blows up when you burn it,
plus it's way bigger than
the ones from before!
The lab's in danger.
Let's hurry!
Right! Time is of the essence!
Momonosuke!
I'm gonna head to the lab.
What do the rest
of you plan to do?
Obviously we're going
to the lab too,
since we have to
stick together, stupid!
Who're you calling stupid?
Think about it, Mosshead!
If you wander off and get
separated from Kin'emon,
we're just gonna have to run all
over the island looking for you!
We don't have time for that!
[BROOK]
There's no time for this!
Please stop arguing!
[ZORO]
It's his--
--[whistling]
--[ALL shout]
[yelps]
I can't wait to see a real
whole samurai in action!
To the laboratory, everyone!
[whistling]
[LUFFY grunts]
You're awake.
[LUFFY]
Why are you here?
[LAW]
I could ask you the same thing.
[ROBIN]
How about that?
It would seem we've
all been captured.
Huh? We're all in a cage?
That's weird, huh?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) grunts]
Oh! Smokey, you're in here too!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER) grunts]
No use. We're tied up with
Sea Prism Stone chains.
[MONET chuckles]
I see you're awake.
Is she... a bird?
[VERGO] Aren't you a
sight for sore eyes.
[gasps]
Why's he here?
Well I'll be damned. If it isn't
the leader of the G -5 himself.
Vergo!
[MARINE L]
Let Smokey go, Caesar!
[gunshot]
[MARINE M]
And Captain Tashigi, too!
[gunshots]
[MARINES shouting]
[CENTAUR A grunts]
Okay! All clear!
[CENTAUR B]
Good, close the shutters!
Whatever you do, boys, don't let
a single one of them in!
Activate it the second
all of our men are inside!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE G]
What?
[MARINE N]
They shut the gate!
They can't just
leave us out here!
[MARINES shouting]
[MARINES gasp]
It's closed. We were too late!
Open the door! Hurry!
Let me handle this!
[MARINE A gasps]
[MARINE O] Damn! Even a bazooka
won't break through it?
[MARINE P]
What's that thing made of?
[MARINE Q]
How 'bout the back?
There's no way in! I checked.
He's got it locked down tight!
Of course he does,
the gas bag!
Hey, uh. If we're
stuck out here,
then we're all gonna
be killed, for sure.
Huh? Don't say that!
We'll make it!
[MARINE S] I don't think so!
Those creepy Slime things
may have stopped
falling from the sky...
...but look!
They're forming together and
getting really 'freakin' huge!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE R] We can't get to a
ship, our path's been cut off!
They took our
Transponder Snails.
We can't call out!
Crap, they've got us
completely isolated!
[CENTAUR B]
Alright. They're all shut!
[MONET]
Good.
Cu-lick.
[MONET] It sounds like the
preparations are underway.
Too bad for all
those Navy soldiers.
[VERGO]
What exactly is Caesar doing?
Well, I can't say
I know the details.
But he did finally awaken his
beloved pet, Smiley, so...
...I assume he's planning
some sort of big experiment.
Not just big, but it looks
like quite a dangerous one,
if you ask me.
By the way, Vergo.
[VERGO]
Hm?
[MONET] Did you have a
steak for breakfast today?
Yes, it's my favorite.
How did you know?
You're wearing some.
Just a little.
[VERGO]
Hm. I'd like to get...
...a quick look at the
experiment before I go.
So, everyone outside will die?
[MONET] Probably. But don't
worry, you're safe in here.
Hey! Vergo!
Those men out there!
You know they're all
G-5 soldiers, right?
They're your soldiers!
And you're leaving
them to die?
Yeah. Guess so.
[gasps]
How could you?
[VERGO]
You know,
it's hard to believe we've got
so many big names in one cell.
It's quite a view.
You're right.
It's so funny seeing you two
locked up together again.
Oh yeah! Alabasta! That was
where you guys caught me
and Smokey that
one time, remember?
Quiet, you dumbass!
--Huh?
--Stupid pirates.
Don't you realize the gravity
of the situation here?
So it's true. I... was right.
I'm so disgusted.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] Yeah,
it's the worst-case scenario.
Makes me sick, too.
Those news articles
weren't simple mistakes.
The reporters were deliberately
misled, because someone in G-5
wanted those abduction
reports covered up.
So, they worked together.
Caesar abducted those
children and Vergo
passed all the incidents
off as accidents at sea.
Of all people, the leader of
the base was a double agent!
That may be
characteristic of G-5,
but it's a disgrace
for the Navy!
[grunts]
How could you do this?
Wait. I'm lost.
So he's a bad guy?
Indeed. I'm surprised.
That's right. Though they
wouldn't really have noticed it.
It's not like he changed.
He's been a traitor since the
day that he joined the Navy.
In fact. Vergo is a pirate.
All this time? But why?
[LAW] He enlisted in the Navy
on Joker's orders
before he made a
name for himself.
He started at the very
bottom and spent 15 years
rising through the ranks.
Joker couldn't ask for a
more reliable
or convenient soldier
to work for him.
It's true. He works for Joker.
He has been from the beginning.
Vergo!
Joker, huh? Hang on.
There's an underworld broker
by that name as well.
I was such an idiot!
How did I never smell a rat
when it was right
there under my nose?
Aw. You shouldn't beat
yourself up like that.
Instead, you should commend
the rat for being clever enough
to elude the Great
White Hunter, Smoker.
Ever since the day you
were transferred in
from headquarters, I've been
on constant high alert.
And it's irritating. I'm so
relieved I won't have to
keep my head on
a swivel anymore.
As for you, Law, you ran
your mouth too much.
Did I not punish you enough?
[VERGO]
Ah, well. No matter.
You also said I'd be in serious
trouble if I ran into the G-5.
But that's clearly not true.
[VERGO] I've been in control of
the situation for a while now.
I'm sure they won't suspect me.
And besides, on the off-chance
that they do find out
about this, I already know
what I'm going to do.
I plan to--
Well, I assume you
can figure that out.
Now then, Vice Admiral.
Captain Tashigi.
You two will die here.
That way, my secret
never leaves this room.
I'll let Caesar handle
the soldiers outside.
It had to be done.
This territory belongs to Joker.
I can't allow anyone to walk out
of here knowing his identity,
can I?
And yes. I'll report your
deaths as mere accident,
as I always do.
Damn you!
[grunts]
Uh, hey. Who's this Joker?
[sighs] Well, I know Vergo...
because I know Joker.
Huh?
Yeah. I worked for him.
Joker is just a fake name
he uses on the black market.
[LAW] You know him.
In fact, you know him very well.
Who is he? Tell us!
[LAW] One of the deadliest
pirates in the world.
[LAW] He is a member
of the Seven Warlords,
authorized by the
World Government.
Donquixote Doflamingo.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[NARRATOR] The revelation about
Warlord Donquixote Doflamingo
leaves everyone stunned.
Meanwhile, Nami's group
is already at a severe
disadvantage against the
children and the horrifying
power of the Gas-Gas Fruit soon
makes the situation even worse.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Save the Children! The Master's
Evil Hands Close In!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!